According to Drew Westen and Jonathan Shedler in their article An Empirically Derived Taxonomy for Personality Diagnosis, these are the personality types or disorders:

Anxious-Avoidant or Avoidant:
Individuals who match this prototype are chronically anxious. They tend to ruminate, dwelling on problems or replaying conversations in
their minds. They are more concerned with avoiding harm than pursuing desires, and their choices and actions are unduly influenced by
efforts to avoid perceived dangers. They are prone to feelings of shame and embarrassment. Individuals who match this prototype tend to
be shy and self-conscious in social situations and to feel like an outcast or outsider. They are often socially awkward and tend to avoid social
situations because of fear of embarrassment or humiliation. They tend to be inhibited and constricted and to have difficulty acknowledging
or expressing desires. They may adhere rigidly to daily routines, have trouble making decisions, or vacillate when faced with choices. Their
anxiety may find expression through a variety of channels, including panic attacks, hypochondriacal concerns (e.g., excessive worry about
normal aches and pains), or somatic symptoms in response to stress (e.g., headache, backache, abdominal pain, asthma).

Dependent-Victimized or Dependent:
Individuals who match this prototype tend to be needy and dependent, fear being alone, and fear rejection or abandonment. They tend
to be ingratiating or submissive, often consenting to things they find objectionable in an effort to maintain support or approval. They tend
to be passive and unassertive and to feel helpless and powerless. They tend to be indecisive, suggestible or easily influenced, and naïve or
innocent, seeming to know less about the ways of the world than would be expected. They tend to become attached to people who are
emotionally unavailable, and to create relationships in which they are in the role of caring for or rescuing the other person. Individuals
who match this prototype tend to get drawn into or remain in relationships in which they are emotionally or physically abused, or needlessly
put themselves in dangerous situations (e.g., walking alone or agreeing to meet strangers in unsafe places). They are insufficiently
concerned with meeting their own needs and tend to feel unworthy or undeserving. Individuals who match this prototype have trouble
acknowledging or expressing anger and instead become depressed, self-critical, or self-punitive. They tend to express anger in passive and
indirect ways (e.g., making mistakes, procrastinating, forgetting) that may provoke or trigger anger or mistreatment from others.

Schizoid-Schizotypal:
Individuals who match this prototype lack close relationships and appear to have little need for human company or contact, often seeming
detached or indifferent. They lack social skills and tend to be socially awkward or inappropriate. Their appearance or manner may be odd
or peculiar (e.g., their grooming, posture, eye contact, or speech rhythms may seem strange or  off ), and their verbal statements may be
incongruous with their accompanying emotion or non-verbal behavior. They have difficulty making sense of others’ behavior and appear
unable to describe important others in a way that conveys a sense of who they are as people. They likewise have little insight into their own
motives and behavior, and have difficulty giving a coherent account of their lives. Individuals who match this prototype appear to have a
limited or constricted range of emotions and tend to think in concrete terms, showing limited ability to appreciate metaphor, analogy, or
nuance. Consequently, they tend to elicit boredom in others. Despite their apparent emotional detachment, they often suffer emotionally:
They find little satisfaction or enjoyment in life’s activities, tend to feel life has no meaning, and feel like outcasts or outsiders. A subset of
individuals who match this prototype show substantial peculiarities in their thinking and perception. Their speech and thought processes
may be circumstantial, rambling, or digressive, their reasoning processes or perceptual experiences may seem odd and idiosyncratic, and
they may be suspicious of others, reading malevolent intent into others’ words and actions.

Antisocial-Psychopathic or Antisocial:
Individuals who match this prototype take advantage of others, tend to lie or deceive, and to be manipulative. They show a reckless
disregard for the rights, property, or safety of others. They lack empathy for other people’s needs and feelings. Individuals who match this
prototype experience little remorse for harm or injury they cause. They appear impervious to consequences and seem unable or unwilling
to modify their behavior in response to threats or consequences. They generally lack psychological insight and blame their difficulties on
other people or circumstances. They often appear to gain pleasure by being sadistic or aggressive toward others, and they may attempt to
dominate significant others through intimidation or violence. Individuals who match this prototype tend to be impulsive, to seek thrills,
novelty, and excitement, and to require high levels of stimulation. They tend to be unreliable and irresponsible and may fail to meet work
obligations or honor financial commitments. They may engage in antisocial behavior, including unlawful activities, substance abuse, or
interpersonal violence. They may repeatedly convince others of their commitment to change, leading others to think  this time is really different, 
only to revert to their previous maladaptive behavior.

Paranoid:
Individuals who match this prototype are chronically suspicious, expecting that others will harm, deceive, conspire against, or betray them.
They tend to blame their problems on other people or circumstances, and to attribute their difficulties to external factors. Rather than
recognizing their own role in interpersonal conflicts, they tend to feel misunderstood, mistreated, or victimized. Individuals who match this
prototype tend to be angry or hostile and prone to rage episodes. They tend to see their own unacceptable impulses in other people instead
of in themselves, and are therefore prone to misattribute hostility to other people. They tend to be controlling, to be oppositional, contrary,
or quick to disagree, and to hold grudges. They tend to elicit dislike or animosity and to lack close friendships and relationships. Individuals
who match this prototype tend to show disturbances in their thinking, above and beyond paranoid ideas. Their perceptions and reasoning
can be odd and idiosyncratic, and they may become irrational when strong emotions are stirred up, to the point of seeming delusional.

Narcissistic:
Individuals who match this prototype have an exaggerated sense of self-importance. They feel privileged and entitled, expect preferential
treatment, and seek to be the center of attention. They have fantasies of unlimited success, power, beauty, or talent, and tend to treat others
primarily as an audience to witness their importance or brilliance. They tend to believe they can only be appreciated by, or should only
associate with, people who are high-status, superior, or  special.  They have little empathy and seem unable to understand or respond to
others’ needs and feelings unless they coincide with their own. Individuals who match this prototype tend to be dismissive, haughty, and
arrogant. They tend to be critical, envious, competitive with others, and prone to get into power struggles. They attempt to avoid feeling
helpless or depressed by becoming angry instead, and tend to react to perceived slights or criticism with rage and humiliation. Their overt
grandiosity may mask underlying vulnerability: Individuals who match this prototype are invested in seeing and portraying themselves as
emotionally strong, untroubled, and emotionally in control, often despite clear evidence of underlying insecurity or distress. A substantial
subset of narcissistic individuals tend to feel inadequate or inferior, to feel that life has no meaning, and to be self-critical and intolerant of
their own human defects, holding themselves to unrealistic standards of perfection.

Borderline-Dysregulated or Borderline:
Individuals who match this prototype have emotions that can change rapidly and spiral out of control, leading to extremes of sadness,
anxiety, and rage. They tend to catastrophize, seeing problems as disastrous or unsolvable, and are often unable to soothe or comfort
themselves without the help of another person. They tend to become irrational when strong emotions are stirred up, showing a significant
decline from their usual level of functioning. Individuals who match this prototype lack a stable sense of self: Their attitudes, values, goals,
and feelings about themselves may seem unstable or ever-changing, and they are prone to painful feelings of emptiness. They similarly
have difficulty maintaining stable, balanced views of others: When upset, they have trouble perceiving positive and negative qualities in
the same person at the same time, seeing others in extreme, black-or-white terms. Consequently, their relationships tend to be unstable,
chaotic, and rapidly changing. They fear rejection and abandonment, fear being alone, and tend to become attached quickly and intensely.
They are prone to feeling misunderstood, mistreated, or victimized. They often elicit intense emotions in other people and may draw them
into roles or  scripts  that feel alien and unfamiliar (e.g., being uncharacteristically cruel, or making  heroic  efforts to rescue them). They
may likewise stir up conflict or animosity between other people. Individuals who match this prototype tend to act impulsively. Their work
life or living arrangements may be chaotic and unstable. They may act on self-destructive impulses, including self-mutilating behavior,
suicidal threats or gestures, and genuine suicidality, especially when an attachment relationship is disrupted or threatened.

Obsessional or Obsessive-Compulsive:
Individuals who match this prototype tend to see themselves as logical and rational, uninfluenced by emotion. They tend to think in abstract
and intellectualized terms, to become absorbed in details (often to the point of missing what is important), and prefer to operate as if
emotions were irrelevant or inconsequential. They tend to be excessively devoted to work and productivity to the detriment of leisure and
relationships. Individuals who match this prototype tend to be inhibited and constricted, and have difficulty acknowledging or expressing
wishes, impulses, or anger. They are invested in seeing and portraying themselves as emotionally strong, untroubled, and in control, despite
evidence of underlying insecurity, anxiety, or distress. They tend to deny or disavow their need for nurturance or comfort, often regarding
such needs as weakness. They tend to adhere rigidly to daily routines, becoming anxious or uncomfortable when they are altered, and
to be overly concerned with rules, procedures, order, organization, schedules, and so on. They may be preoccupied with concerns about
dirt, cleanliness, or contamination. Rationality and regimentation generally mask underlying feelings of anxiety or anger. Individuals who
match this prototype tend to be conflicted about anger, aggression, and authority. They tend to be self-critical, expecting themselves to be
 perfect,  and to be equally critical of others, whether overtly or covertly. They tend to be controlling, oppositional, and self-righteous or
moralistic. They are prone to being stingy and withholding (e.g., of time, money, affection). They are often conflicted about authority, struggling
with contradictory impulses to submit versus defy.

Hysteric-Histrionic or Histrionic:
Individuals who match this prototype are emotionally dramatic and prone to express emotion in exaggerated and theatrical ways. Their reactions
tend to be based on emotion rather than reflection, and their cognitive style tends to be glib, global, and impressionistic (e.g., missing
details, glossing over inconsistencies, mispronouncing names). Their beliefs and expectations seem cliché or stereotypical, as if taken
from storybooks or movies, and they seem naïve or innocent, seeming to know less about the ways of the world than would be expected.
Individuals who match this prototype tend to be sexually seductive or provocative. They use their physical attractiveness to an excessive
degree to gain attention and notice, and they behave in ways that seem to epitomize gender stereotypes. They may be flirtatious, preoccupied
with sexual conquest, prone to lead people on, or promiscuous. They tend to become involved in romantic or sexual  triangles  and
may be drawn to people who are already attached or sought by someone else. They appear to have difficulty directing both tender feelings
and sexual feelings toward the same person, tending to view others as either virtuous or sexy, but not both. Individuals who match this prototype
tend to be suggestible or easily influenced, and to idealize and identify with admired others to the point of taking on their attitudes
or mannerisms. They fantasize about ideal, perfect love, yet tend to choose sexual or romantic partners who are emotionally unavailable, or
who seem inappropriate (e.g., in terms of age or social or economic status). They may become attached quickly and intensely. Beneath the
surface, they often fear being alone, rejected, or abandoned.


Items from SWAP-200 Questionnaire:

Borderline Personality Disorder:
1. Emotions tend to spiral out of control, leading to extremes of anxiety, sadness, rage, excitement, etc.
2. Tends to become irrational when strong emotions are stirred up; may show a noticeable decline from customary level of functioning.
3. Emotions tend to change rapidly and unpredictably.
4. Tends to fear she/he will be rejected or abandoned by those who are emotionally significant.
5. Tends to be overly needy or dependent; requires excessive reassurance or approval.
6. Tends to feel unhappy, depressed, or despondent.
7. Tends to feel she/he is inadequate, inferior, or a failure.
8. Tends to feel misunderstood, mistreated, or victimized.
9. Tends to make repeated suicidal threats or gestures, either as a “cry for help” or as an effort to manipulate others.
10. Tends to engage in self-mutilating behavior (e.g., self-cutting, self-burning, etc.).
11. Lacks a stable image of who she/he is or would like to become (e.g., attitudes, values, goals, and feelings about self may be unstable and changing).
12. Tends to see relationships as more intimate than they actually are.
13. Tends to feel empty or bored.

Narcissistic Personality Disorder:
1. Tends to be critical of others.
2. Tends to be competitive with others (whether consciously or unconsciously).
3. Tends to be arrogant, haughty, or dismissive.
4. Tends to believe she/he can only be appreciated by, or should only associate with, people who are high-status, superior, or special.
5. Tends to feel entitled; expects preferential treatment.
6. Seeks to be the center of attention.
7. Has fantasies of unlimited success, power, beauty, talent, brilliance, etc.
8. Is envious of others; assumes that others are envious of her/him.
9. Tends to think of herself/himself as special or unique.

Antisocial Personality Disorder:
1. Takes advantage of others; is out for number one; has minimal investment in moral values.
2. Tends to act impulsively, without regard for consequences.
3. Is deceitful; tends to lie or mislead.
4. Lacks empathy; tends to be callous, cold, or uncaring.
5. Tends to be unreliable and irresponsible (e.g., may fail to meet work obligations or honor financial commitments).
6. Has little empathy; seems unable or unwilling to understand or respond to others' needs or feelings.
7. Tends to break things or become physically assaultive when angry.
8. Tends to manipulate others’ feelings in order to get what she/he wants.
9. Lacks close friendships and relationships.
10. Tends to feel like an outsider or alien, as if she/he doesn’t truly belong.

Obsessive-Compulsive Personality Disorder:
1. Tends to be perfectionistic.
2. Tends to be overly concerned with rules, procedures, order, organization, schedules, etc.
3. Tends to be preoccupied with details, rules, and making lists.
4. Tends to be self-critical; sets unrealistically high standards for self and is intolerant of own human defects.
5. Tends to be overly controlling of others.
6. Tends to be conscientious and responsible.

Dependent Personality Disorder:
1. Tends to be overly needy or dependent; requires excessive reassurance or approval.
2. Tends to be ingratiating or submissive.
3. Tends to feel helpless, powerless, or at the mercy of forces outside his/her control.
4. Tends to fear she/he will be rejected or abandoned by those who are emotionally significant.
5. Tends to be overly concerned with pleasing others; willing to compromise or sacrifice in order to avoid conflict.
6. Tends to feel she/he is inadequate, inferior, or a failure.

Avoidant Personality Disorder:
1. Tends to be shy or reserved in social situations.
2. Tends to avoid social situations because of fear of embarrassment or humiliation.
3. Tends to feel like an outsider or alien, as if she/he doesn’t truly belong.
4. Tends to be inhibited or constricted; has difficulty allowing self to acknowledge or express wishes, impulses, or anger.
5. Tends to feel she/he is inadequate, inferior, or a failure.

Schizotypal Personality Disorder:
1. Tends to have odd or peculiar thoughts, perceptions, or behaviors.
2. Appears to have peculiar mannerisms or behavior.
3. Tends to see relationships as more intimate than they actually are.
4. Tends to have fantasies that are bizarre or magical.
5. Tends to feel like an outsider or alien, as if she/he doesn’t truly belong.
6. Tends to feel misunderstood, mistreated, or victimized.
7. Has little empathy; seems unable or unwilling to understand or respond to others' needs or feelings.

Histrionic Personality Disorder:
1. Tends to be self-dramatizing, theatrical, exaggerated, or overstated.
2. Seeks to be the center of attention.
3. Tends to see relationships as more intimate than they actually are.
4. Emotions tend to change rapidly and unpredictably.
5. Tends to become attached quickly or intensely; develops feelings, expectations, etc., that are not warranted by the history or context of the relationship.
6. Tends to be overly suggestible or easily influenced.
7. Tends to be overly concerned with her/his physical attractiveness.

Paranoid Personality Disorder:
1. Tends to hold grudges; may dwell on insults or slights for long periods.
2. Tends to be critical of others.
3. Tends to be suspicious; tends to assume others will harm, deceive, conspire against, or betray her/him.
4. Tends to feel misunderstood, mistreated, or victimized.
5. Tends to expect others to reject, criticize, or betray her/him.
6. Tends to attribute her/his own unacceptable feelings or impulses to others (e.g., may assume that others are angry, envious, etc., when in fact she/he is).
7. Tends to react to criticism with feelings of rage or humiliation.

Schizoid Personality Disorder:
1. Tends to avoid social situations because of fear of embarrassment or humiliation.
2. Lacks close friendships and relationships.
3. Appears to have little need for companionship, and is genuinely indifferent to the presence or absence of others.
4. Tends to feel like an outsider or alien, as if she/he doesn’t truly belong.
5. Appears to have little or no interest in having sexual experiences with another person.
6. Tends to feel misunderstood, mistreated, or victimized.